Update osu!diva and mvis wiki (#27)
Rurusetto/rurusetto: content/posts/mvis/index.md

  - Click the icon again for `Nightcore Mod` : Uguuuuuuuu...
    - Increases speed by 1.50x and raises audio pitch.

# music player

> You can open mvis music player without selecting a song in a song list and play just one song by going to mvis rulesets setting and click `Open Main Screen` button and mvis player will be appear. You can drag your mouse cursor to the right of a game screen to toggle rulesets setting and music player there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the mvis player with the currently playing track in osu! by clicking the `Open Main Screen` button within the mvis ruleset settings. Within the player, moving the cursor to the right side of the screen will reveal a panel containing adjustable visualizer settings, along with the track player.
```

{{< youtube id="I0tl4Ira-v0" >}}

# settings

> Open mvis music player by clicking `Open Main Screen` in mvis settings.

Reviewer: `Open Main Screen` - Reveals the visualizer which can be used with the osu! track player.
